    The bubble chart tells us quite about the different types of cities and their performance as markets. There is an obvious trend related to the types and the overall popularity of the service. Urban areas are strongly populated with riders and drivers told by the concentration of the bubbles being further to the right on the x-axis and the size of the bubbles being the greatest of the three types. Alternatively, the rural areas trend more upward and left, meaning a smaller number of rides but typically longer due to the increased distance between destinations in rural parts of the country. This could also be atttributed to the lack of drivers and maybe the shortage results in more frequent surge prices which is pulling the pricing up. To determine that final analysis, we could solidfy some of that theory for both the urban and rural areas with ride distance metrics and populations per city. Lastly, as expected, suburban areas are a nice blend between the two.
    Based on the percentage of total rides by type, it seems that there is a lot of opportunity for the company to grow their rural markets. With just 5.3% of total rides coming from that region. This low number of rides and revenue could be associated with the extremely small percentage of drivers devoted to the rural areas. The question would then remain if the 2.6% of drivers is that low due to lack of riders or if the riders are just not there, therefore there is not much attracting more drivers to the company.
    By a factor of more than 2, the percentage of fares favors the urban areas. If the company takes the time to hone in and refine their processes and services in those areas they would likely see some serious benefit of putting a lot of focus on those regions as that is the big bread winner. However. there is an interesting saturation of drivers in Urban areas that is not seen in the other two areas. 80.9% of Drivers are in Urban areas. That is the only percentage of drivers that exceeds the paired percentage of rides. (ie. 80.9% of drivers are giving 68.4% of the total rides, 16.5% of drivers are giving 26.3% of rides, and 2.6% of drivers are giving 5.3% of the rides) This over saturation of drivers could be attributing to the higher count of rides but a lower price per ride. 
    I think that in order to really help us get a solidified answer for what causes the scatter plot to trend linearly downward with fares getting lower as the rides per city increases, we would need to look into the number of drivers relative to the population, and what the distances per ride are.